## Features

*   Multiple environment ready (development, production)
*   Custom email/password user system with basic security and blocking for preventing brute force attacks.
*   Compressed responses.
*   Secured HTTP headers.
*   CORS ready.
*   Cache ready (Redis).
*   HTTP request logger in development mode.
*   i18n ready (for sending emails in multiple languages).
*   User roles.
*   Pagination ready.
*   User profile.
*   Users list for admin area.
*   Cities model and controller example.
*   Login access log with IP, browser and country location (for country it looks for the header `cf-ipcountry` that CloudFlare creates when protecting your website).
*   API autogenerated documentation by Postman.
*   API collection example for Postman.
*   Testing with mocha/chai for API endpoints.
*   NPM scripts for cleaning and seeding the MongoDB database.
*   NPM script for keeping good source code formatting using prettier and ESLint.
*   Use of ESLint for good coding practices.
*   Mailer example with Nodemailer and Mailgun.
*   Ability to refresh token
*   JWT Tokens, make requests with a token after login with `Authorization` header with value `Bearer yourToken` where `yourToken` is the **signed and encrypted token** given in the response from the login process.

## Requirements

*   Node.js **10+**
*   MongoDB **3.6+**
*   Redis **5.0+**

### Mailer

To ensure the deliverability of emails sent by this API, `Mailgun` is used for mailing users when they sign up, so if you want to use that feature go sign up at their website <https://www.mailgun.com>

If you want to try a different method it´s ok, I used <https://nodemailer.com> for this API and they have different transport methods like: smtp.

### Stack

*   MongoDB
*   Mongoose
*   ExpressJS
*   NodeJS
*   NodeMailer
